Speaker A: Thank you for calling coats and gowns. My name is Sam. How can I help you? 
Speaker B: Yes, I bought a coat from. From you guys, but I need to return it because it was the wrong size and my size is not available. I haven't received any email from you and I wonder if. If my payment has been refunded. Seems like it does not reflect on my account yet. 
Speaker A: I do apologize for the inconvenience, but let me go ahead and check if there are some notes in the order details. May I ask for the original online order number? 
Speaker B: Okay, let me see. All right. Please wait for a moment. Okay, hold on. Okay, I believe it's zero 171-425-5793 thank you. 
Speaker A: Just to verify, that's 017-142-5793 correct? 
Speaker B: Yes, that's right. 
Speaker A: I do apologize, but the one that you provided is actually not accepting towards our database. Do you actually have a number that starts with triple zero, seven or seven? Or can I ask for your first and last name so I can manually check it in our database? 
Speaker B: Yeah, I'm not sure about a triple zero. Something. Anyway. It's Adam Wilson. 
Speaker A: Alright, thank you. So Wilson is spelled as w for whiskey, I for India, l for Lima, s for sierra, o for Oscar, n for November. Is that correct, Adam? 
Speaker B: Yes. 
Speaker A: Alright. Thank you for that information. Okay, let me just quickly log into a portal and check any notes in your order. Do you still have the return tracking from the courier company when you return the item? 
Speaker B: Not sure. Is it the 74391? 
Speaker A: That's actually the return authorization from coats and gowns. When you return the item to the courier company for shipping, they should have provided you with the return tracking. Do you still have that? It's actually printed in the upper right part of the receipt. 
Speaker C: Okay. 
Speaker B: I probably have to dig it up. 
Speaker C: Okay. 
Speaker B: I imagine I have it somewhere, but it might take some time to look for that. 
Speaker A: Oh, I see. Anyway, I tried to search for your name and nothing is coming up. Can I ask for the order under your name originally? 
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, it's under my name. 
Speaker A: So it's not under Andy or something? It's Adam. 
Speaker B: Yeah, exactly. 
Speaker A: Thank you. Now, what's the phone number that you put in the order before? 
Speaker B: Okay, probably it's 411 345-0377 thank you. 
Speaker A: Just to make sure, that's 411-345-0377 is that correct? 
Speaker B: 0377. 
Speaker A: Okay. And what's the email address that you gave when you fill out the order form? 
Speaker B: Okay, that should be Adam underscore wilson@mailfence.com. 
Speaker A: Thank you. So again, it's Adam wilson@mailfence.com. Is that correct? 
Speaker B: Yes, it is. 
Speaker A: Thank you. So, Adam. Adam wilsonailfence.com. Okay. Thank you. Now, I just want to make sure that I have the correct details. Please hold on for a moment while we check on the details here in my end, okay? 
Speaker C: Oh, sure. 
Speaker B: No problem. 
Speaker A: All right. Okay. Thank you for patiently waiting, Adam. Now, I actually, or I can actually see here that you have called to inform us that you'd like to return the item on the 15 November. Is that correct? 
Speaker B: Yes. 
Speaker A: Now, did you return the item to the courier company on the same day that you called? 
Speaker B: Probably close to it. I'm not really sure if it's on the same day, though, but probably just close to that day. 
Speaker A: I understand. However, upon checking the date that you actually called in for the return, it's already beyond the timeframe that we asked for refunds. So what we'll do is I'll go ahead and forward this information to our corporate office, and I'll have them check and update you directly about the refund. So please expect an email within two to four business days. Is that okay with you? 
Speaker B: Two to four business days? 
Speaker A: Yes. No worries. I will send it to them right now. 
Speaker B: Oh, really? 
Speaker C: Okay. 
Speaker B: All right. 
Speaker A: All right. 
Speaker B: At first, I thought that it will probably be, like, three to five weeks to process. 
Speaker A: Oh, no, no, don't. Don't worry, Adam. It's only two to four business days. So you already checked your account and nothing has been credited yet on the card ending in 753, is that right? 
Speaker B: Not again. 
Speaker A: Okay. Understand, and I'll go ahead and forward them to the. Forward in the details that I have here. So I'll send the email to Adam underscore Wilson at mailfence, correct? 
Speaker B: Yes, that's right. 
Speaker A: All right. Thank you so much for that information, Adam. I will be forwarding this over to our corporate office now. And thank you again for calling coats and gowns. Is there anything else I can help you with today? Oh, no, that's all. Thank you. You're welcome. And my pleasure. Have a nice day. Bye. All right, thank you. 
